#### BIOL548U WEEK 2 ASSIGNMENT DESCRIPTION
#### AUTHOR: SARAH RAVOTH
#### DATE CREATED: 2022-SEP-15

The purpose of this task was to convert date and coordinate columns to meet ISO standards. There are many ways to represent date, which may lead to confusion (e.g., 10-09-2022 is September 10, 2022 or October 9, 2022), mistakes/difficulties with calculations (e.g., time between two surveys), and/or joining two datasets. For these reasons, dates should be represented by the ISO standard: YYYY-MM-DD. For example, the "datasets" dataset had date in the format DD-MM-YYYY, so I used lubridate::dmy() to convert it to the ISO format.

Similarly, there are many ways to represent your geographical positons, but using the ISO standard can mitigate errors and facilitate comparison between datasets. The standard is: 1) decimal degrees, 2) north latitude & east longitude are positive, and 3) latitude comes before longitude. The "bromeliads" data had coordinates in UTM format, but since they were all NA, I couldn't actually perform the functions to change it to decimal degrees--so the code is an example of what I would do if there was data, although it can't run. To do this, I would convert the coordinates to a spatial object, convert from UTM to latlong using proj4string(), then use the data in this class (e.g., if I wanted to make a map of all the bromeliads collected) or convert it to a dataframe format using rasterFromXYZ(). All other datasets had coordinates in decimal degree format, so I just renamed columns in the "datasets" file to from "lat/lng" to "latitude/longitude" to match the other datasets. 